okay you jump in grab the clockwork tail
feathers and we're out of here
[Music]
God Sala kunis do this like totally
bumming my house up and bringing me down
it's a very uncool why can't you let
birds and bees be free bro listen
Dimitri you have no idea what you're
playing with it'll bring more than your
house down No
you are a cowboy a man with taste
style vision a connoisseur of finer
things like me look I'm sure the two
cats in a bag like us can work something
out we spoon
[Music]
you're like the money you can take all
you want I can no deal you and the rest
of the clogging have to be stopped
clockwork will never again see the light
of day just hand over the tail feathers
and we can what is this what clocks bro
have you no vision are you hearing what
I beamed to you you think you have juice
don't show me a little mind when talking
about such big things you think you can
swing the bat show your bling and let me
shine you I have no idea what you're
saying
and your suit sucks let's dance
[Music]
awkward feathers and my counterfeiting
operation it's past tense I'm doing you
a favor what kind of thief prints money
there's no honor in that you crack a box
[Music]
my gang and I had done it the clockwork
tail feathers were ours and Dimitri's
counterfeiting operation his room
due to the untimely arrival of Carmelita
my escape got a little tricky
angry and having just missed me she took
it out on Dimitri shutting down the
nightclub and throwing the frustrated
forger behind bars the gang and I headed
out of town for a week in Monaco Bentley
wanted to try out his new card-counting
formula and I figured the team and
earned themselves a well-deserved break
[Music]